Update Traefik according to api-platform V2.4 docker-compose declaration (#837)
api-platform/docs: deployment/traefik.md

`--api` Tells Traefik to generate a browser view to watch containers and IP/DNS associated easier  
`--docker` Tells Traefik to listen on Docker Api  
`labels:` Key for Traefik configuration into Docker integration  
```yaml
services:
#  ...
  api:
    labels: 
      - traefik.frontend.rule=Host:api.localhost
``` 
The API DNS will be specified with `traefik.frontend.rule=Host:your.host` (here api.localhost)  

`--traefik.port=3000` The port specified to Traefik will be exposed by the container (here the React app exposes the 3000 port)  

```yaml

> # api-platform-app/docker-compose.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# docker-compose.yml
```

## Known Issues

If your network is of type B, it may conflict with the Traefik sub-network.

## Going Further

> You may want multiple api-platform instances on same server. To deal with it, you'll have to externalize first traefik to another docker-compose file anywhere on your server, but as traefik will listen on external 80 & 443 ports you can run only 1 traefik instance with this configuration per server  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As this Traefik configuration listens on 80 and 443 ports, you can run only 1 Traefik instance per server. However, you may want to run multiple API Platform projects on same server. To deal with it, you'll have to externalize the Traefik configuration to another `docker-compose.yml` file, anywhere on your server.
```

> Then you'll have something like this example :  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a working example:  
```

```yaml

> # traefik/docker-compose.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# /somewhere/docker-compose.yml
```

version: '3.4'

services:
  traefik:
    image: traefik
    command: --api --docker
    ports:
      - "80:80"
      - "443:443"
      - "8080:8080"
    volumes:
      - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock

> # Uncomment these following lines to enable toml files & let's encrypt certificates, refer to traefik doc : https://docs.traefik.io/user-guide/docker-and-lets-encrypt/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Uncomment these following lines to load a TOML configuration file and to generate Let's Encrypt certificated as explained in https://docs.traefik.io/user-guide/docker-and-lets-encrypt/
```

#      - ./traefik.toml:/traefik.toml
#      - ./acme.json:/acme.json
    networks:
      - api_platform_network
    # Add other networks here

networks:
  api_platform_network:
    external: true
  # Add other networks here
```

> After that, you must define your api-platform docker-compose file  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then update the `docker-compose.yaml` file belonging to your API Platform projects:

```

```yaml

> # api-platform-app/docker-compose.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# docker-compose.yml
```

> version: '3.4'

Reviewer: I suggest to use the patch format instead:

```
```patch
# docker-compose.yml
-  traefik:
-    image: traefik:latest
-    command: --api --docker
-    ports:
-      - "80:80"
-      - "443:443"
-    volumes:
-      - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock
-    <<: *network 
```
```

    <<: *network

  client:
    image: ${CONTAINER_REGISTRY_BASE}/client
    build:
      context: ./client
      cache_from:
        - ${CONTAINER_REGISTRY_BASE}/client
    volumes:
      - ./client:/usr/src/client:rw,cached
      - /usr/src/client/node_modules
    expose:
      - 3000
    labels:
      - traefik.frontend.rule=Host:${DOMAIN_NAME},www.${DOMAIN_NAME}
      - traefik.port=3000
    environment:
      # You should remove this variable from .env into client folder
      - REACT_APP_API_ENTRYPOINT=${HTTP_OR_SSL}api.${DOMAIN_NAME}
    <<: *network

  admin:
    image: ${CONTAINER_REGISTRY_BASE}/admin
    build:
      context: ./admin
      cache_from:
        - ${CONTAINER_REGISTRY_BASE}/admin
    environment:
      # You should remove this variable from .env into admin folder
      - REACT_APP_API_ENTRYPOINT=${HTTP_OR_SSL}api.${DOMAIN_NAME}
    volumes:
      - ./admin:/usr/src/admin:rw,cached
      - /usr/src/admin/node_modules
    expose:
      - 3000
    labels:
      - traefik.frontend.rule=Host:admin.${DOMAIN_NAME}
      - traefik.port=3000
    <<: *network

volumes:
  db-data: {}

networks:
  api_platform_network:
    external: true
```

> Then as you can see, there is some env vars must be defined, here is an example of .env file :  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, some environment variables must be defined, here is an example of a `.env` file to set them:  
```

```dotenv
CONTAINER_REGISTRY_BASE=quay.io/api-platform
DOMAIN_NAME=localhost
HTTP_OR_SSL=http://
DB_NAME=api-platform-db-name
DB_PASS=YouMustChangeThisPassword
DB_USER=api-platform
JWT_KEY=!UnsecureChangeMe!
SUBDOMAINS_LIST=(admin|api|cache|mercure|www)
```

> This way let you configure your main variables into one single file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way, you can configure your main variables into one single file.
```
